I can't just wait around.
Hi, Valeria.
David told me he was going to visit a
friend yesterday, but he hasn't called me
since then.
I'm really worried too.
Who was this friend?
I didn't know he was going to meet anyone yesterday.
I don't know, but he seemed worried.
I have never seen him so worried before.
What?
But he was very calm yesterday before dinner
.
Do you remember Daniel?
He's the person who can help us.
What?
The school's dean?
Are you kidding me?
What can he know about my brother?
Well, he was very close to Daniel.
I'll go to the park today.
That's the place where they usually meet.
I'll ask him if he knows something about Daniel.
All right.
Be careful.
That Daniel is a womanizer.
He flirts with everyone.
Valeria arrives home and receives a call.
Miss, please come.
We want you to identify a suspicious body.
Oh, no!